Split spacecount into indent option (#301)
MarketSquare/robotframework-tidy: CHANGES.md

# Change Log

## Unreleased

### Extra ``--indent`` option

> Robotidy normalize all whitespace using the same fixed amount of spaces (configurable via ``--spacecount``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Robotidy normalizes all whitespaces using the same fixed amount of spaces (configurable via ``--spacecount``).
```

It's then optionally modified by various transformers such as AlignSettingsSection. 

> This release add additional option ``--indent`` that allow to configure indent separately ([#293](https://github.com/MarketSquare/robotframework-tidy/issues/293)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release add additional option ``--indent`` that allows to configure indentation separately ([#293](https://github.com/MarketSquare/robotframework-tidy/issues/293)). 
```

> It's now possible to have for example indent of 4, but separator between tokens (spacecount) equal to 2 spaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's now possible to have for example indentation of 4, but separator between the tokens (``spacecount``) equal to 2 spaces:
```
